Fixing changes proposed by Byron-Miles. (#4)
azurefireice/BuffDuty: README.md

    * "c" or "channel" - message will be posted to custom channel, with name specified in *channel name argument*
* channel name argument(`case insensitive`, `optional`) - Specifies the channel name for custom channel. Only applicable for *custom channel type*, for other channel types will be ignored.
    * *specify your channel name or number* - provide a channel where you want the message to be posted. E.g. "3", "pvp3", "ACMEGuidHeal"
* excluded players argument(`case insensitive`, `optional`) - Excluding players from buffduty.
    * *`e{<player1>,<player2>,..}`* - provide a list of players you want to exclude from BuffDuty. Please note that players are **comma separated**, no spaces in between. E.g. `e{putris,spaceBag}`.

> * ordered players argument(`case insensitive`, `optional`) - Order list, similar to exclude, to allow priority for who will be assigned a 2nd/etc.

Reviewer: On reflection I'm not sure 'order' is quite the right word, it's more additional dutes / extra responsibility.. e.g. - Order list, allow priority of who will be given additional buffing duties.

Author: Done

> * ordered players argument(`case insensitive`, `optional`) - Order list, similar to exclude, to allow priority for who will be assigned a 2nd/etc.

Author: ```suggestion
* ordered players argument(`case insensitive`, `optional`) - additional responsibilities list, similar to exclude, to allow additional duties for priority players. Players specified in this list are likely to get additional buffing duties.
```

`/buffduty druid w` - will send BuffDuty message for *druid* class in private message for each druid  
`/buffduty priest w e{Putris,cassi}` - will send BuffDuty message for *druid* class in private message for each druid. It will exclude players "Putris" and "John" from BuffDuty.  
`/buffduty druid c 5 e{cuernoloco,Xako}` - will send BuffDuty message for *druid* class in a *custom* channel number *5* in player's chats. It will exclude players "Putris" and "John" from BuffDuty.

> `/buffduty druid c 5 e{cuernoloco,Xako} o{Ryuken, Dimmi, Sentry}` - will send BuffDuty message for *druid* class in a *custom* channel number *5* in player's chats. It will exclude players "Putris" and "John" from BuffDuty. It will prioritise Ryuken, Dimmi, Sentry for buffing.

Reviewer: More accurately it should say 'It will prioritise Ryuken, Dimmi, and Sentry for additional buffing duties'. The example also contains spaces, it shouldn't.

Author: done

> `/buffduty druid c 5 e{cuernoloco,Xako} o{Ryuken, Dimmi, Sentry}` - will send BuffDuty message for *druid* class in a *custom* channel number *5* in player's chats. It will exclude players "Putris" and "John" from BuffDuty. It will prioritise Ryuken, Dimmi, Sentry for buffing.

Author: ```suggestion
`/buffduty druid c 5 e{cuernoloco,Xako} o{Ryuken,Dimmi,Sentry}` - will send BuffDuty message for *druid* class in a *custom* channel number *5* in player's chats. It will exclude players "Putris" and "John" from BuffDuty. It will prioritise Ryuken, Dimmi, and Sentry for additional buffing duties(like receive 2nd group to look after).
```
